hello today we are starting the show
trick how to teach a dog to jump over
hoop today I will tell you how to teach this
. dozen of us today are trained
dog cake him for this muse
for children for children today we are trained
a dog named viva la dig here means
how not to urgently start with the teams
which of the dangerous is already different
real generation
then today we start the team
which she already knows is small
peep don't pay attention then you them
show definitely is the future of my
pupils will show like a puppy with
scratch teach the team before it already
a good fellow begins a fine fellow squeeze
We start those teams that are already a dog
know and you want to sit well done
well done pars let's change so well done
the dog is set to work but this video
and now I will tell you how to start
to train a dog means to begin with we
image we take the image is better to take a small
so how big can scare a dog
year and we put it 1 there two or three days
simply dad studied him from me
I was afraid of this subject
to the book please baby first thing we
do we ask the dog to go through
hoop roar well done we don't raise it
because the dog may not get scared
become jump jump good when dog
it makes already free music babe not
highway
jump well well done so now we
We raise a little jumping slightly
raise the hoop praise the dog
compulsory hubby do not bother axis baby
sit jump
okay we gradually increase
peer distance for colleagues
to a hoop so that the dog
immediately not scared jumping it is done not
in one day I only tell
the principle of this team since it is very
easy dogs and this team loves muse
you are very beautiful disturbing please baby
and so good kick good
okay little muse and heart talking
mood I told people how to
jump through hoop jump well done
myself that's the whole principle of the team we
just go dim first she
getting used to doing it and when we already
Raise on can do familiar to
her movement ah well done she understood how
then snowfall roll up well done
well done again jump-jump well well done
well done jump well will you be me this
did not teach well come here
university to his fellow well done muse too
dreams of performing teams with us just
5 necessary for doing it well done and you too
babes honesty and so we will not
show now the total teams are ready to
we get another video where the dogs
do everything in this video I will tell you how
jump night go over obstacles
through the hoop if you don't have a hoop you
can use banal but you
I'll show you how to do it for
put the leg ask the dogs in front of them
well you well done jump well well done
slightly raise for one swing
muscles jump good u well done dima jump
well done jump good jump well done
gradually increasing the distance between
floor and obstacle it can be
any obstacle absolutely
I hope I clearly explained
ask what is not clear to you with
comments, I will answer you
like to subscribe
In my videos, I hope I'm not just
does he like it you bring it
I will introduce you to my favor
pupils of the future from them and a half
month, so they my handsome ie one
big girl will be like that for
dog training just right very funny
This we have nations over the most fun kid
there is a very beautiful boy in the world
few
come here in india
enter there some problems there something
solves the case here, we have begun
I will show you how to teach
puppies teams from scratch yet
too small at first we turn out
to the toilet can remove if the desire
video how to teach them to the toilet what
they are even smaller with us and are just starting
a letter for now wherever and how it goes
This here mommy kids Mouzon
here is this mommy babes it is not Ali babies
viva
Here I have it trained for a long time
just some teams I do not have time for
take off and shine yours with everything bye